Met

high

# Block limit DoS to prevent all admin trades

## Summary
Users are free to flood the order book with low expenses to entirely prevent execution of netAtPrice() and the auctions.
## Vulnerability Detail
Repeatedly calling depositUSDC() and withdrawUSDC() (and the crab equivalent) extends the deposits[] array ad libidum.
Both netAtPrice() and depositAuction() have to loop over the deposits[] until it gathers the needed amount. If the array contains enough zeros, it will run out of gas.

The attacker actually has two options.
1) deposit and withdraw the same (minimum) amount - filling deposits[] with zeroes. netAtPrice() and depositAuction() jump over those quite cheaply but there is no workaround.
2) fill deposits[] with dust amount by depositing minAmount+1 and withdrawing minAmount. Processing of these records in netAtPrice() and depositAuction() is more expensive (although a bit is saved by deleting these deposits records). But they can be cleared out in batches by calling the methods with some small amounts. So this option is not too dangerous (but can still be expensive).

## Impact
Locking the contract for the admins.
User funds will still be retrievable by withdrawing them by the users.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L360-L367
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make another array to keep track of non-zero deposits fields and use that in the loops.

Note: While the withdraw to zero deletes the deposits record, deleting it does not decrease the array length and so the next record will still be put into the next field. But that can't be helped - even if the array was resized, two alternating accounts could be used to always have a valid last field after the zeroed one.
