yixxas

high

# `deposits[]` and `withdraws[]` are unbounded. This will lead to users being unable to `withdrawUSDC()` or `dequeueCrab()`

## Summary
The always increasing array size will lead to loss of funds for users. That is, users can still deposit assets but unable to withdraw them. Previously deposited assets will also be unable to be withdrawn. This will happen at some point as long as users continue to use the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
Each call to `depositUSDC()` and `queueCrabForWithdrawal()` increases the size of `deposits[]` and `withdraws[]` respectively. **Note that even though `withdrawUSDC()` and `dequeueCrab()` attempts to `delete` the array, it does not actually decreases its size.** 
This means that `deposits[]` and `withdraws[]` array will only increase in size, and at some point users will have their funds stuck as they are not able to make withdrawals, since `withdrawUSDC()` and `dequeueCrab()` will always revert when array is too large, as it is being looped through in the withdrawal functions.

## Impact
Impact is high here. Loss of funds for users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L341
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L298
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L268
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L314

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend setting a limit on number of deposits that users can make so that this situation cannot happen. Note that we should not do the swap and pop method of deletion as `netAtPrice()` requires the order of the array to be fixed.
