reassor

medium

# Denial of Service - userDepositIndex and userWithdrawIndex growing indefinitely

## Summary
State variables `userDepositIndex` and `userWithdrawIndex` are growing indefinitely, this might lead to expensive transactions and effectively denial of service for the user when calling `withdrawUSCD` and `dequeueCrabs` functions that require iterations over the whole arrays.

## Vulnerability Detail
The contract is using `userDepositsIndex` and `userWithdrawsIndex` to track deposits and withdraw for users. This helps with parsing state variables `deposits` and `withdraws` that contain data for all users. `userDepositsIndex` is expanded by `depositUSDC` function and the elements are deleted by `withdrawUSDC`, however the delete is only setting data located at the given index to zero. This make all element re-parsed every time the function is called, making the user consuming more gas. The very same logic is present within the function `queueCrabForWithdrawal` and `dequeueCrabs`. The first one will make the `userWithdrawsIndex` grow and the second will just zero-out the elements but keep parsing them every time the user call the function.

## Impact
Denial of service/very expensive transactions for users of the protocol. 

## Code Snippet
* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L288-L300
* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L331-L343

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to remove elements from the arrays `userDepositsIndex`/`userWithdrawsIndex` using `pop()` function when deleting deposits. This should be easy to implement since the iteration starts from last item and goes down until first element.
