__141345__

medium

# Unbounded loop could DoS `withdrawUSDC()/dequeueCrab()` and lock user fund

## Summary

The `userDepositsIndex[]/userWithdrawsIndex[]` array can only be extended, as a result, after long time, this array could be too long for some users, causing DoS when `withdrawUSDC()/dequeueCrab()` and lock users fund.


## Vulnerability Detail

Every time user `depositUSDC()/queueCrabForWithdrawal()`, `userDepositsIndex[]/userWithdrawsIndex[]` will be extended. But there is no method to remove element from this array. As the strategy runs, this array can grow too long. But in `withdrawUSDC()/dequeueCrab()`, the entire array will be looped from the end to beginning to gather all deposit records. If the length of the loop is so long that exceed the block gas limit, part of users fund could be impossible to withdraw. Noted that in line 291 and 334, the `Receipt storage r` is in storage, sload operation is gas expensive. The gas limit will eventually be reached as long as the user actively makes deposits.

Let's say Alice made 500 deposits of 100K USDC, but has not yet been auctioned. Alice should be able to withdraw those idle funds by design. But assuming the in the for loop, 100 loop will reach the gas limit. Which means the deposit before the last 100 deposits wouldn't be accessible. When Alice tries to `withdrawUSDC()`, the last 100 deposits could be withdrawn. But the next time Alice tries to `withdrawUSDC()`, the loop will still start from the end of the array, although this 100 records are all 0. And the gas will be depleted during these 0 amount queries. 




## Impact

After the strategy run for some period, `userDepositsIndex[]` array could grow too large to cause further DoS for `withdrawUSDC()`, user fund could be locked.


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L290-L300

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L333-L343


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- just like `depositsIndex` and `withdrawsIndex`, implement similar index in user `withdrawUSDC()/dequeueCrab()`
- allow to specify the beginning index to loop in `deposits[]/withdraws[]`