reassor

high

# Denial of Service of depositAuction and withdrawAuction

## Summary
Contracts functions `depositAuction` and `withdrawAuction` validate orders and sets their nonces to true if the given order is being used. It is possible to set the value of order's nonce to true via `checkOrder` function leading to denial of service vulnerability.

## Vulnerability Details
Functions `depositAuction` and `withdrawAuction` are using `_checkOrder` to validate orders. For every order multiple values are checked such as nonce, signature or expiration. In case nonce has no been used, the nonce for that order is set to true and execution continues. The issue is that `_checkOrder` can be executed via external function `checkOrder` that will set nonce to true and invalidate the order before it can be executed.

Exploit Proof of Concept: https://gist.github.com/lucyoa/dad3e1c00efe0502178ce51b0d4cab13

```bash
user@users-MacBook-Pro crab-netting-sherlock % forge test --match-path test/ExploitDenialOfService.t.sol --ffi -vv
[⠒] Compiling...
[⠔] Compiling 1 files with 0.8.17
[⠘] Solc 0.8.17 finished in 3.97s
Compiler run successful

Running 1 test for test/ExploitDenialOfService.t.sol:ExploitDepositAuctionTest
[FAIL. Reason: Nonce already used] testExploitDoS() (gas: 968406)
Logs:
  Launching frontrunning and invalidating order

Test result: FAILED. 0 passed; 1 failed; finished in 762.27ms

Failing tests:
Encountered 1 failing test in test/ExploitDenialOfService.t.sol:ExploitDepositAuctionTest
[FAIL. Reason: Nonce already used] testExploitDoS() (gas: 968406)

Encountered a total of 1 failing tests, 0 tests succeeded
```

## Impact
Attacker might monitor mempool for the valid orders (or get access to them via other methods) and front-run execution of `depositAuction` or `withdrawAuction` by passing the order directly to `checkOrder`. This will result in total denial of service and inability executing `depositAuction` and `withdrawAuction` functions.

## Code Snippet

* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L447-L449
* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L456
* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-opyn/blob/main/crab-netting/src/CrabNetting.sol#L756-L759

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to remove `checkOrder` external function and if needed create `checkOrder` view function that will be only checking out if order is valid or not without setting nonce to true.